So we saw two examples for director of snow and the better approach definitely is a good approach but
it's not very interactive right.
It always gives us a blue background.
And I want to change this.
I only want you styled as blue or give as a blue background if I have a over it and if I move my mouse
away it should go back to transparent.
So let's improve the bad or highlight here a bit.
We need to react to some events occurring on the element that directive sits on.
And a quick and easy way to do this inside of this directive is to simply add a new decorator and does
this the host listener decorator which needs to be imported from an English court and add it to some
method we want to execute.
So the method here could be mouse over.
Now I've moved this from the top of the file below NZ on and it's your.
So now this can be triggered whenever some event occurs and that event is specified here as an argument
as a string host listener here takes the argument name as an input and that would be Mouse enter.
Let's say that is one of the events supported by the DOM Elements.
This directive sits on.
So you have basically all events available you could also use event binding before.
So that's my host Lisner targeting this event.
And because all the received event data.
So Event Data of type event would be passed to us here.
So that works.
You can also listen to custom events here and retrieve that data.
So that's just like the method you execute when you add a click listener or whatever your event is and
then pastie method between quotation marks.
So that's happening here.
Most listeners just a convenient way of listening to events on that element.
So with that we listen to the mouse entry when we get the event data which I don't need here.
But what I want to do in this case is I want to change the background color of the element.
So what I can do is I can copy this code from you on in it and commented out and now set the style here
on mouse enter.
And now I can quickly copy this and add another method which I'll name Maoz leave maybe wherever I will
listen to the mouse leave event and never officially vent I can list to listen to.
And then I want to set the background color to transparent maybe.
Now with this emplace we should have a reactive directive.
So now no background color never hover over it.
It gets blue.
So dad is working as intended now with host Lisner reacting to user Ribet or to any events